# VOLUME-4-ISSUE-2-OCTOBER-2016
IJIFR-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INFORMATIVE &amp; FUTURISTIC RESEARCH. The Journal aims to publish quality material that contributes to accumulate dynamic knowledge which is able to revitalize and foster the research and development carried out in different disciplines. IJIFR brings into the world the understanding of various faculties in one platform to have access to accurate information and new innovations &amp; provide a rapid turn-around time possible for reviewing and publishing, and to disseminate the articles freely for teaching and reference purposes. Its multidisciplinary approach is deliberate to bring the worldwide eminent intellectuals on one platform to illumine the world of knowledge. The journal follows a Double Blind Peer Review System (where both reviewer and author are anonymous to each other) in order to bring in a high-quality intellectual platform for researchers across the world thereby bringing in total transparency in its journal review system. It delivers eventual platform in order to have genuine, speculative, knowledgeable research which has the visualization to understand fact-finding experiences that describes significant developments of changing global scenarios. IJIFR provide access not only to ultimate research resources, but through its high- quality professionals are ambitious to bring in a significant transformation in the dominion of open access journals and online publishing which the globe is observing nowadays. IJIFR provides free access to research information to the international community without financial, legal or technical barriers. All submitted articles should report original, previously unpublished research results, experimental or theoretical, and must not be under consideration for publication elsewhere. All the accepted papers of the journal will be processed for indexing into different citation databases that track citation frequency/data for each paper.
